narrator: OctraVPN — a self-hosted, chain-anchored tailnet.
narrator: stock Tailscale clients, our control plane, real WireGuard.
narrator: operators deploy, settle, and audit on the Octra chain.
narrator: act one — the chain side. A contract handles every session.
narrator: register, settle, claim, slash — each step is a recorded tx.
narrator: an overclaim is rejected — the bond enforces honest payout.
narrator: act two — the oct:// portal. URLs resolve against chain state.
narrator: policy and sealed assets live on-chain, fetched on demand.
narrator: act three — the headscale-rs control plane on Tailscale wire.
narrator: users, preauth keys, and nodes — the day-2 admin surface.
narrator: act four — the data plane. Three peers, full-mesh WireGuard.
narrator: peer-to-peer ping and HTTP rides direct UDP where it can.
narrator: DERP relays catch the rest — the operator ships the sidecar.
narrator: act five — observability. Prometheus, JSON series, health.
narrator: the analytics indexer scans the audit log per minute.
narrator: act six — audit. An HMAC-chained log plus the receipt journal.
narrator: verify recomputes the chain — a non-zero exit is tamper proof.
narrator: act seven — interop. Stock tailscale clients pay the operator.
narrator: a real Tailscale CLI joins, pings, and settles on the chain.
narrator: the loop closes — install, join, traffic, settlement, audit.
narrator: every byte in this demo is reproducible from the source tree.
narrator: OctraVPN — open source, chain-anchored, Tailscale-compatible.